[ Waves Crashing ]
[ Seagulls Squawking ]
[ Man Narrating ]
I always knew
we were a fairly odd family.
First there was me.
Too tall, too skinny,
too orange.
My mum was lovely,
but not like other mums.
There was something solid about
her-- something rectangular,
busy and unsentimental.
Her fashion icon
was the queen.
Dad-- Well, he was more normal.
He always seemed to have
time on his hands.
After giving up teaching
university students
on his 50th birthday,
he was eternally available
for a leisurely chat...
or to let me win
at table tennis.
- Ah!
- Oh, yes.
Then there was Mum's brother,
Uncle Desmond.
Always impeccably dressed,
he spent the days just,
well, being Uncle Desmond.
He was the most charming
and least clever man
you could ever meet.
His mind was on other things,
though we never found out what.
And then finally
there was Catherine. Katie.
Kit Kat. My sister.
In a household of sensible
jackets and haircuts...
there was this--
Well, what can I call her?--
nature thing.
With her elfin eyes,
her purple T-shirts...
and her eternally bare feet,
she was then,
and still is to me,
about the most wonderful
thing in the world.
- [ Squeals ]
- All in all, it was
a pretty good childhood.
Full of repeated rhythms
and patterns.
By the time I was 21,
we were still having tea
on the beach every single day.
Skimming stones
and eating sandwiches,
summer and winter,
no matter what the weather.
Oh! Oh!
[ Laughing ]
[ Chuckles ]
And every
Friday evening, a film--
no matter what the weather.
- [ Thunder Rumbles ]
- And then, once a year,
the dreaded
New Year's Eve party.
♪♪ [ Pop-Rock ]
Hey.
[ Woman ]
♪ Running through my head
Running through my head ♪
All the things she said ♪
♪ All the things she said
Running through my head
Running through my head ♪
♪ All the things she said
This is not enough ♪♪
I might just...
get one.
You're absolutely gorgeous.
I'm Katie.
What am I drinking?
This is
very expensive stuff.
Cheers.
♪♪ [ Dance ]
[ Woman ]
♪ Catch this opportunity ♪
♪ So you and me
could feel it, 'cause ♪
- ♪ If you're ready for me ♪
- Shh, shh, shh.
♪ Boy,
you better push the button
and let me know ♪
♪ Before I get the wrong idea
and go ♪♪
Come on.
It's nearly midnight. Come on.
We're all going through.
We're going through.
I've gotta find you a--
[ All Scream ]
Oh! Oh, no!
Oh, God!
Everyone makes
little mistakes.
It's fine. Fine. Sorry.
Come on.
♪ I'm Mr. Brightside ♪
[ All ]
Six, five, four,
three, two, one.
Happy New Year!
[ Woman ]
♪ I ♪
Sorry.
♪ Will always love you ♪
♪ I will always ♪♪
[ Narrating ]
And so I woke up
the next morning, hungover,
ashamed of myself...
and not realizing
it was the day that would
change my life forever.
[ Door Opens ]
Get up, stupid.
Dad wants you.
[ Groans ]
Oh, hello.
Sexy pajamas.
[ Sighs ]
Ah. Tim. Come in.
Uh, do... sit down.
That's very formal.
Well, um, yeah.
This is an odd moment
for me,
because I had the same
moment with my father
when I'd just turned 21,
and after it...
my life was never the same,
so I approach it
pretty, um, nervously.
Okay. When you're ready.
It's all very mysterious.
Uh, right.
Tim, my dear son,
uh, the, uh--
the simple fact is
the men in this family...
have always had
the ability to--
This is going to
sound strange.
Be prepared
for strangeness.
Get ready for spooky time.
Uh, but there's
this family secret.
And the secret is
that the men
in the family can...
travel in time.
Well, more accurately,
travel back in time.
We can't travel
into the future.
This is such a weird joke.
It's seriously not a joke.
So you're saying
that you and Granddad...
and his brothers
could all travel back in time?
- Absolutely.
- And you still do?
Absolutely.
Although it's not
as dramatic as it sounds.
It's only in my own life.
I can only go to places where
I actually was and can remember.
I can't kill Hitler or...
shag Helen of Troy,
unfortunately.
Okay, stop. Um--
- If it's true,
which it isn't--
- Although it is.
Although it isn't, obviously.
But if it was,
which it's not--
- Which it is.
- Which it isn't. But if it was,
how would I actually--
The "how"
is the easy bit, in fact.
You go into a dark place--
big cupboards
are very useful generally,
toilets, at a pinch--
then you clench
your fists like this,
think of the moment
you're going to,
and you'll find yourself there.
After a bit of a stumble
and a rumble and a tumble.
Wow.
Is as good
a reaction as any.
I think
I plumped for "Fuck!"
But it was the '70s.
- No, this is
so obviously a joke.
- It's not a joke.
Why would I lie
to someone I'm...
fairly fond of?
[ Sighs ]
Okay.
But when I come back downstairs
after standing in a cupboard
with my fists clenched,
you're gonna be
in so much trouble.
Well, let's see,
shall we?
Mmm.
Oh, and, Tim,
try and do something
interesting.
So much trouble.
I mean it. Really.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
Right.
[ Exhales Sharply ]
[ Inhales Deeply ]
[ Kit Kat ]
Dad wants you.
♪♪ [ Rock ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Gasps ]
Wow.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Exhales ]
[ Cheering ]
You all right, Tim?
Yes. Yeah. Good.
Ace. Yeah.
Good. Come on.
It's nearly midnight,
and we've got to find--
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoo! Midnight!
♪ I'm Mr. Brightside ♪
[ All ]
Nine, eight, seven,
six, five,
four, three, two, one.
Happy New Year!
♪ And I ♪
♪ Will always love you ♪
Thank you, Tim.
You're welcome, Polly.
♪ Always love you
I-- ♪♪
[ Exhales ]
[ Whooshes ]
- Does Mum know?
- Not a whistle.
Strange.
And what about the whole--
Butterfly effect thing?
What can I say?
We don't seem to have
messed up civilization yet.
It's gonna be
a complicated year.
a complicated life.
What have you done
with... it?
For me,
it's books, books, books.
I've read everything
a man could wish to--
twice.
Dickens three times.
Any first thoughts?
Well, I suppose
apart from getting
a slightly better haircut--
Yeah.
Money would be
the obvious thing.
Very mixed blessing.
Utterly screwed up
your grandfather's life.
Left him
without love or friends.
I've never bumped into
a genuinely happy
rich person.
It would be nice
not to have to work.
No, that's a real recipe
for disaster. Look
what happened to Uncle Fred.
- What happened to Uncle Fred?
- Absolutely sod-all.
[ Chuckles ]
Wasted his life.
You have to use it
for things that
you really think...
will make your life
the way you want it to be.
Come on.
Really... think about this.
Well,
to be honest, I suppose,
at the moment,
it would be just great
if it could help me
get a girlfriend.
[ Sighs ]
Wow.
Massive.
Yeah.
The mother ship.
[ Tim Narrating ]
For me, it was always
gonna be about love.
And that summer I walked into
the eye of the storm.
Her name was Charlotte,
cousin of Kit Kat's handsome
but nasty boyfriend Jimmy.
And she was staying
two whole months.
Just one.
Not both of them.
♪♪ [ Radio: Pop ]
♪♪ [ Woman Singing, Indistinct ]
Tim.
Will you do my back?
Absolutely.
[ Chuckles ]
Very keen.
- Oh! Oh, no!
- [ Screams ]
Oh, no!
No, no.
No, no, no.
What--
Are you okay?
Is it in my hair?
Yes!
[ Breathing Heavily ]
[ Whooshes ]
Tim.
Um, will you do my back?
Sure.
Just give us a sec.
Okay.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Thank you.
Now--
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Oh, nice.
It's my area.
[ Tim Narrating ]
It was a summer of suntan
and torture.
I invited
my foolish friend Jay
around for tennis...
because I thought
he'd make me look good.
Beauty!
- Oh, oh!
- Oh!
Ah!
Aaah!
- I was wrong.
- Ow!
- What are you doing?
- Oh, no!
- Aaah!
[ Giggles ]
- Whoo!
- Charlotte just made
both of us look like idiots.
- Yes!
Bad luck, Tim.
How the hell are you meant
to concentrate on your game?
How are you meant to
live your life...
with this
sort of shit going down?
It never got better...
until suddenly
it was almost too late.
Well, um--
Well, Charlotte,
our final lunch.
[ Kit Kat ]
No!
And it's been
really, really lovely
having you all summer.
[ Mum ]
It has.
Thank you. Thank you.
It really has.
Hasn't it, Desmond?
- Beg your pardon?
- Lovely having Charlotte here
all summer, dear.
Charlotte?
Who's Charlotte?
Come on, darling.
Charlotte,
sitting next to you.
Oh, yes, of course.
Hi.
Of course.
Charlotte.
Lovely to meet you.
[ Kit Kat Chuckles ]
Have you enjoyed
having Charlotte here
all summer, Tim?
Yeah.
[ Dad ]
There goes August.
[ Mum ]
I've introduced him to most
things, haven't I, darling?
[ Dad ]
Yeah. Well, you did. You were
much more sophisticated.
[ Mum ]
In a quiet way,
I like to think.
[ Charlotte ]
Come in.
Charlotte.
Yeah.
Um, as it's your last night,
can I ask you a question?
Oh. Yeah.
Ask away.
Oh, no, wait. Um--
It's not going to be
about love, is it?
Love? What?
Well, it's just that
Kit Kat warned me...
that if you were
to ever mention it,
I should be
very firm with you
and tell you...
you must treat me
like your sister...
and not be stupid.
Or have I just made
a total fool of myself,
and you were actually
going to ask me for late-night,
last-minute tennis tips?
No, it-it-it was--
it was the love thing.
Oh. Well,
that's very sweet of you.
It's just a shame
you left it
till the last night.
You should have tried
creeping along the corridor
while we still had time.
Okay. The last night
was a bad idea?
Very bad idea.
It feels like
an ever so slightly
insulting afterthought.
"Last night"
was never going to work.
All right.
Good.
I've got it.
[ Charlotte ]
Tennis tips.
Come in.
Tim.
Charlotte.
Hi.
Sit down.
[ Chuckles ]
I know you've probably
suspected this,
but over the last month
I've fallen completely
in love with you.
Now, obviously this--
this was gonna happen...
because-- because
you're a goddess...
with-- with that face...
and that hair.
But even if you didn't
have a nice face,
and even if you had
absolutely no hair,
because of some
bizarre medical reason,
um, I'd still adore you.
And I--
I just wondered
whether, by any chance,
you might share my feelings.
Wow.
Tell you what.
Why don't we see
how the summer goes,
and then you ask me again
on my last night?
Your last night?
Yes.
Try me on the last night.
See what happens then,
shall we?
It's exciting.
Right.
No, that's a perfect plan.
That's absolutely perfect.
Last night.
Thanks very much.
Night-night, Timmy.
[ Tim Narrating ]
Big lesson number one:
All the time travel
in the world
can't make someone love you.
[ Charlotte ]
Bye!
So the love of my life
just drove away.
And the very next day
it was my turn to leave.
There you go.
Don't spend it all at once.
Thanks.
Don't call too often.
Your mother doesn't
like to be disturbed.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay.
Thanks.
[ Horn Honks ]
[ Engine Starts ]
I caught the train
to London...
in search of a future...
and a girlfriend.
I was staying
in St. John's Wood,
near Abbey Road,
with a playwright friend
of my dad's called Harry.
It's always nice
to have family connections
when you're a new kid in town.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
What the fuck do you want?
I'm James's son.
Who?
James Lake.
What about him?
He said you had a room.
Go in there and wait.
Quietly. I mean it.
Don't make a sound,
or I'll kill you.
[ Thuds ]
[ Harry Screams ]
I was actually having the first
good idea I've had for a decade
when you rang on the doorbell.
But now it's gone.
You little shit.
How's your dad?
Weird cock,
I always thought.
Something weird
about him.
Really?
Yeah, I never really
liked him, actually.
Your mum still
look like Andy Warhol?
What?
That, by the way,
is my wife.
Oh. Nice.
Yeah, you wouldn't
like her at first.
Sarcastic cow.
But eventually
you'd realize that...
she's the best
human being
in the world.
Which is why she left me,
of course.
Here you go.
Try not to make
too much noise,
particularly when having sex.
No chance of that.
Oh, Christ.
Two losers in one house.
- That is my daughter.
- Oh.
Have sex with her
if you like.
Apparently
everyone else has.
[ Tim Narrating ]
It wasn't a hopeful setup
for romance.
And the work didn't help
on that score either.
The world of law seems to be
entirely full of men.
Oh, hello.
Hi.
I'm Rory. Very pleased
to meet you.
A real thrill.
Well, who knows,
we might become,
you know, pals, et cetera.
- Who the hell are you?
- Tim Lake.
Well, I hope you're
better than this clown.
Come on, Roger.
Oh, it's-it's Rory,
actually.
Been here
a year and a half.
I'm just saying that to be nice.
It's two years actually.
[ Tim Narrating ]
So six lonely months went by,
and it was still
just me and Harry.
Me lawyering every hour
of the day and night,
and him putting
the finishing touches
to his new play.
No matter how many girls
there were in the world,
I always seemed
to end up--
How you doing?
with Rory.
Hello.
Hey.
Until, out of the blue,
on a dodgy night out
with dodgy Jay,
something miraculous happened.
[ Chuckles ]
The waiters are--
Wait for this, right?
They're blind.
Oh, you're kidding me.
I'm kidding you not.
No, as bats.
[ Grumbles ]
As bats!
Very good to have you here,
gentlemen. I hope you enjoy
your experience.
Carlo will show you
to your table.
Great.
Lead on, maestro.
Right.
Can I have your right hand
on my right shoulder, please?
And your friend
hold on to your shoulder.
Yeah. Like this?
Thank you.
[ Carlo ]
Mind the stairs,
and be prepared, because...
it's completely dark.
Okay, gentlemen.
If you don't mind,
I can sit you here
beside these two young ladies.
[ Jay ]
No, no.
Sounds absolutely perfect.
[ Woman ]
Oh, God, you sound very perky.
[ Jay ]
I am. And very handsome.
[ Woman Giggles ]
[ Woman #2 ]
Ooh. Someone's there.
[ Tim ] Sorry. Hi.
Oh, hi. I'm Mary.
I'm Tim.
Mary's my mother's name,
actually.
Oh. Does it suit her?
Sort of.
Although she's sturdy,
so Bernard might
have been a better fit.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay.
Oh! Something just
touched my elbow.
Ooh. Okay,
that wasn't me.
Oh, no, well,
that just makes it worse.
If it wasn't you, who was it?
[ Jay ] Well, it wasn't me,
because I'm touching
something else.
[ Woman #1 ] Yes, and you'll
stop that right away, thank you.
[ Jay ] Sorry.
So, girls, be honest,
who is more beautiful?
[ Woman #1 ]
Oh, I am.
[ Mary ] Yeah. She is.
[ Jay ] Excellent!
[ Mary ] Actually,
I look like Kate Moss.
[ Tim ]
Really?
No.
I sort of
look like a squirrel.
[ Chuckles ]
Do you like Kate Moss?
I absolutely love her.
In fact,
I almost wore one of
her dresses here tonight.
You?
No, no, her clothes
look terrible on me.
[ Laughs ]
[ Jay ] I cannot believe
that it's your birthday
next week as well.
[ Mary ]
Your friend Jay--
he's quite, um, enthusiastic.
[ Tim ]
I actually hate him.
What's Joanna like?
Uh, she's
basically a prostitute.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah.
I think
it's strawberry mousse.
Ooh.
Do you want some?
Um, okay.
I'll try it.
Okay, where's your mouth?
Uh, it's--
[ Chuckles ]
It's here.
Okay.
Mmm, there?
[ Squishes ]
Oh!
Oh, my God.
What was that?
[ Chuckles ]
That's my eye.
I think there's a lot of--
I've got quite a lot
of strawberry mousse
in my eye now.
I'm so sorry.
No. Thank you.
That's a new
sensation for me.
[ Chuckles ]
So maybe I'll see you
outside, or--
Yeah. Yeah, great.
Great. Scary.
Yeah, it's a bit scary.
Oh, my God.
I'm so in there.
What about you?
I don't know,
but she sounded wonderful.
Oh, shh.
Joanna?
Jay.
Christ, you're a babe.
How do you fancy
stretching the night out a bit?
I can ditch the loser.
Look, we've got to rush,
but, um, help me find a cab,
and I might give you my number.
Of course. Yeah.
Or I might not. Haven't
decided yet. So, yeah.
No, I have.
It's not gonna happen.
[ Breathes Deeply ]
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
- Hi.
Where-- Where's--
Oh, um, she and Jay just--
She took him to--
I-- I don't know.
Oh, right.
Oh, well, I guess I--
I'd better, um--
Would it be very wrong
if I asked you for your number?
No.
Just in case I ever, you know,
had to call you about--
Stuff.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Would you--
It's Mary.
Mary.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Beeping ]
Okay.
I thought this phone
was old and shit,
but suddenly it's
my most valuable possession.
[ Chuckles ]
You really like me?
Even... my frock?
I love your frock.
And, um, my hair?
It's not too... brown?
I love brown.
[ Chuckles ]
- My fringe is new.
- The fringe is perfect.
Fringe is the best bit.
Mary! We have to go!
I found a cab,
and his dodgy friend
is about to assault me.
Okay.
Okay, I'm com--
I'm coming.
Two seconds.
I hope I see you again.
You will.
Okay.
Good.
Good night.
♪♪ [ Piano Ballad ]
[ Man ]
♪ The buttons on your collar ♪
♪ The color of your hair ♪
♪ I think
I see you everywhere ♪
♪ I want to live forever ♪
♪ And watch you dancing ♪
♪ In the air ♪♪
- [ Glass Clinks ]
- [ Screams ]
What's happened?
What have you done,
you poor thing?
Oh, nothing.
It's just a flesh wound.
There.
Thank you.
You may remember
my play opened tonight.
Oh, my God, yes.
How did it go?
Well.
It went well.
You could tell in the room
a masterpiece
was being unfurled.
Really?
Really.
Until--
and this is the crucial
plot point, I think--
until the lead actor
had the most massive dry
in the history of theater.
- No, no, no.
- Yes, yes, yes.
He didn't just
forget his lines.
He forgot his lines
to the extent that no actor...
has ever forgotten
their lines before
in the annals of dramatic art.
The reviews won't say,
"Major masterpiece
gets unveiled."
They'll say,
"Major actor gets Alzheimer's."
It's a disaster.
Is an understatement.
It's the Titanic
of play openings,
but with no survivors.
No women, no children.
Not even Kate Winslet.
All dead.
Okay.
- I'll see what I can do.
- What does that mean?
What are you gonna do?
Ring up every critic
in London...
and offer them a blow job
if they ignore the fact...
that we sat
in total silence
for half an hour...
waiting for a moron
to remember one single line?
Not quite that.
Hello?
Hello, um, Sir Tom.
I'm a friend of Harry's.
How's it going
with the lines?
Um-- Um, I'm sorry.
What do you mean
"the lines"?
Uh, it's just, you know,
in the court scenes,
some of those lines
are pretty complex,
and I just thought maybe
it might be worth, you know,
having one last look
at the lines before you go on.
Uh, a little refresher.
Fuck off out of here,
you assing lunatic.
Okay.
Get out,
you ginger twerp.
Sorry.
Go on!
Patronizing piece of--
Five, um--
And now the defense.
I have lived...
many weary years--
It's brilliant.
but never...
in that long catalog
of wasted time...
have I ever seen
such an atrocious
miscarriage of justice.
Do the prosecution
have anything final to add?
[ Audience Murmuring ]
Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry.
Sorry. Sorry.
Do the prosecution...
have anything final to add?
[ Tim Clears Throat ]
Psst.
I don't know.
It's okay.
"Gentlemen."
Gentlemen, I regard
today's proceedings...
with the utmost gravity.
Nevertheless,
let us be clear of one...
simple
and salient thing.
It is the life...
of a guilty man!
[ Applause ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Harry ]
One of the actors appeared...
to have actually fallen asleep
at one period, but--
Oh, here's the little prick
who walked out halfway through.
You missed the best scene,
you little twerp.
Sorry.
What did you think of the set?
I thought it was
incredible.
Did you?
I didn't.
Too brown.
[ Whispers ]
Mary.
Oh, no.
She's gone.
Two girls in earlier tonight.
One of them the prettiest girl
in the world.
The other one like
a sort of nice prostitute.
Did you-- Did you
get their names?
Oh, yes.
Uh, they left a while ago.
Um, let's see.
No, I'm afraid,
uh, they were walk-ins,
and it appears
they paid by cash.
Sorry, sir.
Oh, that's okay.
That's fine.
It's brilliant.
It's just
the end of my life.
Thanks very much.
♪♪ [ Humming ]
Oh, cheer up, mate.
Apparently you're
living with Britain's
greatest living playwright.
I don't usually
read them, obviously,
but I couldn't resist this one.
"Harry Chapman
found guilty-- of genius."
♪♪ [ Vocalizing Bass Beat ]
I have to go out.
Right now.
Why?
She loves Kate Moss.
♪♪ [ Alternative Pop ]
[ Man ]
♪ I don't care
if Monday's blue ♪
♪ Tuesday's gray
and Wednesday too ♪
♪ Thursday
I don't care about you ♪
♪ It's Friday
I'm in love ♪
♪ Monday you can fall apart ♪
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday
break my heart ♪
♪ Oh, Thursday
doesn't even start ♪
♪ It's Friday
I'm in love ♪
♪ Saturday, wait ♪
♪ And Sunday
always comes too late ♪
♪ But Friday never hesitate ♪♪
Thanks for
keeping me company,
Kittle.
Nothing better to do.
How's Jimmy?
Dumped me.
Oh, not again.
And work?
They sacked me.
Idiots.
Coffee?
Please.
I've only just noticed
this cat in this picture.
See that cat?
I do see that cat.
It's very good.
Oh, my God.
What?
It's her.
That's her.
Ah!
[ Chuckles ]
Shh, shh, shh.
[ Whispers ]
Oh, fuck.
You go, girl.
Okay.
[ Woman Chuckling ]
Sorry.
Hi.
[ Chuckles ]
How are you?
Uh, I'm-I'm fine.
[ Chuckles ]
It's so good to see you.
Um, uh,
we've never met before.
Oh, no. Fuck.
Yeah.
No, of course we haven't.
No.
[ Chuckles ]
Sorry.
I think you've mistaken me
for someone else.
Yeah. No, no, no, no, no.
Um, you're--
Uh, your name is Mary.
That's, um,
distinctly weird.
How do you know that?
Um, well,
you look like a Mary.
In what way?
My mum's called Mary.
I look like your mother?
No. You're much prettier.
It's a nice fringe, by the way.
Oh, God, it's new and probably
too short, but, um--
No.
Uh, well, gee,
thank you, and, uh, um,
listen, it was really
nice to meet you.
Uh, I should probably go,
because my friend's
waiting for me, and, um--
Okay. No--
You're a--
You're a total stranger.
Total stranger.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, it's crazy stuff.
Yeah. Kind of.
Okay. Bye, Mary.
Bye.
[ Groans ]
Oh, no.
How did it go?
No. It was
very poor.
Very poor?
Very poor indeed. Yeah.
You gotta go again.
Yeah.
You can do it.
Take two.
[ Woman Chuckles ]
A bit--
She just always--
She just--
She always
looks different.
She needs a big--
Hi. Sorry.
It's me again.
Hi.
Sorry.
Joanna, this is--
Tim.
Hello.
Nice to meet you.
Tim.
Hi. Mary.
Uh, Tim is a total stranger
whose mother's name is Mary.
Yeah. I-- I just had a weird
experience with Mary here of
thinking she was someone else.
But she wasn't.
But I just wondered if I could
walk round with you...
for a while, bec--
well, because my sister Kit Kat
is about to leave--
Yeah. Um--
Bye.
And--
And so...
I'm-I'm about to be
quite lonely.
Right.
Well, I think
we should probably say no.
Oh, no, yes.
But on the other hand,
he's got a quite nice smile
and sort of, you know, fun hair.
Yeah.
All right.
But you have to promise
that you are not...
one of
the following things--
One, a lunatic.
Yeah.
- No.
- Two, a fringe fetishist.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm just Kate Moss's
number one male fan.
Oh, God.
Really?
Yeah. God, yeah.
Do you agree that the magic
of her lies in her history?
That the informality
of her early shots...
compared to this stuff,
so you just
always know that,
despite the high fashion,
she's still just that cheeky,
normal, naked girl on the beach?
Couldn't have
put it better myself.
That's absolutely it.
I agree
with that profoundly.
Ah!
Milk?
Uh, yes.
Sugar?
No.
Boyfriend?
Yes!
No.
No, you don't
have a boyfriend.
Do I not look like
I'd have a boyfriend?
Do I look like I'd never
get a boyfriend?
No. That's
the rudest thing
I've ever heard.
No. I-I didn't
mean it like that.
I just didn't expect--
Is-- Is it
quite a new boyfriend?
Yes.
There he is.
Rupert.
Oh, yes.
Rupert?
[ Joanna ]
He's so cute.
Hi, guys.
Sorry I'm late.
With my dad.
[ Kisses ]
Hi, Rupee.
[ Giggles ]
"Rupee"?
- Uh, well,
this is Tim, and--
- Hi.
Hi.
We don't
know him at all.
Hey, I was thinking
we could take in a film
after this.
Get some mixed popcorn,
share a Coke, snuggle.
Oh. Okay.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay.
[ Rupert Chuckles ]
When did you two meet,
exactly?
Well, it was--
it was only a week ago,
actually.
It's all been
a bit of a whirlwind,
hasn't it, poochy face?
Well, I'm gonna have to
teach you what you can and
can't say in front of people.
- No "poochy face"?
- No.
No. Definitely not.
Come on. Come on then.
More details about
this wonderful first meeting.
Okay. Okay.
It was, um, what--
Uh, Joanna?
- Uh, oh, June 17.
- Yeah.
- And, uh, Jo was having
a little party.
- Yes, yes.
A living hell
from which Rupert,
thank God, rescued me.
And where-- where
was this terrible party?
Oh, my brothel of a flat.
Which is where though?
That's the question,
isn't it?
- What are you, a detective?
- No, no. No, sorry.
I've just got
a very visual imagination.
I like to
imagine stuff completely.
26 Courtfield Gardens, SW5.
SW5.
Around 8:30.
8:30.
Um, dress code, slutty.
Will that do?
Absolutely, yes.
Although I am wondering
when you got there, Rupert.
Early, late?
On time, I think.
True love was calling.
Oh, God.
I-I actually feel
a bit sick now.
Just these muffins, I think.
Never trust a blueberry.
Um, okay,
I'll be back in a tick.
You two are such
a lovely couple.
Oh.
Bit weird.
Oh, he's cute.
I like him.
Yeah, me too.
♪♪ [ R & B ]
[ Woman Laughs ]
Oh, hello.
Do I know you?
Um, no, no, no.
I'm-I'm a friend
of Mary's.
She has another friend?
[ Gasps ]
Yeah.
Gosh, you amaze me.
But hooray.
Ooh. Uh, hot dog?
Yeah.
Took me hours.
Made them myself.
Thanks.
Disgusting.
Totally undercooked.
See you later.
Mmm.
[ Man ]
Yeah? How's that working out?
[ Woman Chuckles ]
Wicked. Nice. Yeah.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Woman ]
♪ No matter what I do ♪
♪ All I think about is you ♪
♪ Even when I'm with my boo ♪
♪ Boy, you know
I'm crazy over you ♪
♪ No matter what I do ♪♪
Hi.
[ Clears Throat ]
I'm Tim.
- Mary.
- That's my mother's name.
But let's not get into that.
Um, so, I know
this is forward, but...
your face tells me
that you're finding this party
to be a living hell.
So,
I just wondered if you might
come and have a bite to eat
with me instead?
Right now.
I-I'm sorry?
Okay. Obviously, I should
have thought this through more.
Um, let's talk about Kate Moss.
I... love Kate Moss.
I always think
the key thing with her
is the history.
Yes.
You know, the informality
of her early shots...
compared to
high fashion stuff,
so you always know
that underneath...
she's still just
the same cheeky, normal girl
naked on the beach.
The beach.
I agree with you completely.
If we leave now,
then we can have, you know,
more than one starter.
Oh.
[ Chuckles ]
I love your eyes.
And I love the rest
of your face too.
- More than one starter?
- Ten amazing starters.
After you.
Thanks.
Ten minutes is long enough
for any party, I think.
[ Mary Groans ]
Yeah.
Especially that one.
Evening, all.
[ Indistinct ]
God.
What a dickhead.
Yeah. Ew.
So, what do you do?
Um, I'm a reader at a publisher.
No. You read for a living?
Yes. That's it.
I read.
Oh, that's so great.
It's like someone asking,
"What do you do for a living?"
"I-- Well, I breathe.
I'm a breather.
I get paid for breathing."
How did you get that job?
Okay, smart-ass.
What do you do?
I am a lawyer.
Sort of. Sort of.
That's sexy.
Is it?
I mean, I think so.
In a suit, in a court,
saving people's lives.
Kinda sexy.
I guess it is.
Although it's not
as sexy as reading.
Sitting there in an office,
in a little chair, reading.
Okay. Okay. Stop.
Ooh.
Stop. Just wait
right there, mister,
because, you know,
a lot of books get submitted
to my publisher.
So it's an immense
responsibility.
I bet it is.
But when you do
normal reading--
[ Chuckles ]
Is it ruined
because it's your job?
You know, like prostitutes--
I always worry that when
they stop being prostitutes that
they can't enjoy sex anymore.
You always worry about that?
No. No, no.
I sometimes worry about it.
Oh, good. Okay. Because someone
who always worried about that
would be a bit of a worry.
When you read a newspaper,
do you think,
"Forget this. It's work"?
Have you interviewed
a lot of prostitutes
to ease your worries?
When you read a menu, do you
think, "No, I'm not reading this
unless you pay me hard cash"?
How many prostitutes
will you need to talk to
before this issue is solved?
I mean, are you planning
to head to Eastern Europe
and Thailand?
[ Clicks Tongue ]
Um, would you like to
walk me to my car?
Yes.
Okay.
Why not?
[ Chuckles ]
Sounds like a good idea.
What about you?
Uh, yeah. I have
three older brothers.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Where are they?
[ Chuckles ]
Behind you.
[ Laughs ]
[ Tim ] You keep saying
around the corner,
and then it's--
[ Mary ]
Yeah. I know.
Did you have
trouble parking?
[ Chuckles ]
Pardon?
It's just such
a long way to your car.
Oh, yeah, well,
my car's actually
parked outside my house.
I got a lift to the party.
Okay.
That's good.
That's perfect.
Okay.
And here we are.
My God.
Yeah.
Car, house.
House, car.
- It makes perfect sense.
- Mmm.
It's very logical.
Christ.
[ Chuckles ]
Um--
Um, keys.
Um,
I'm gonna go into
the bedroom and put on
my new pajamas.
Right.
And then in a minute
you can come in
and take them off.
If you want to.
One minute.
Hi.
- [ Mary ] Oh, God!
Oh, are you--
- Oh.
Sorry.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Sorry.
That's okay.
[ Moans Softly ]
[ Whispering ]
Oh, it's--
it's a front opener.
[ Whispering ]
It's a what?
Oh, it opens from the front.
Yeah. No. Yeah, of course.
Okay.
Thanks.
Sure.
[ Unsnaps ]
Ooh. Oh, well done.
[ Both Chuckle ]
I'm sure
it'll be better next time.
Why, I thought
it was pretty lovely.
Right, no,
it was really lovely.
In fact, can you just
give me one minute?
Okay.
[ Whooshes ]
Hi.
Dangerous.
Oh. You really
know your bras.
I like to think so.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Exhales ]
Well done.
Some people
make a real mess of it
the first time.
[ Scoffs ]
Amateurs.
[ Sighs ]
Could you
give me one second?
- Sure.
- [ Whooshes ]
- [ Gasps ]
- I couldn't wait.
Oh.
- My... goodness.
- Mmm.
Best night
of my entire life.
And now I've got a suspicion
I'm gonna have the best sleep
of my entire life.
Oh, so once is enough
for my perfect guy?
I'm not sure
that's entirely fair.
♪♪ [ Folk-Pop ]
Okay.
Oh, my God. We're late.
No, we're not.
Okay.
It'll be fine.
It's all right.
It's only--
Oh, my God.
Okay.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪ How long will I love you? ♪
♪ As long as stars
are above you ♪
Bye.
♪ Longer if I can ♪
[ Chattering ]
♪ How long will I need you? ♪
Oh, we're in trouble then.
♪ As long as
the seasons need to ♪
Ah!
I'm taking you home.
We're going back home.
I don't wanna go home yet! No!
♪ How long will I give to you? ♪
Okay, bye. Bye.
I'll see you tonight.
No, no, no, no. No!
...want a chocolate
lab either.
♪ However long you say ♪
Okay.
♪ How long will I love you? ♪
♪ As long as stars
are above you ♪
♪ Longer if I may ♪♪
[ Coins Clink ]
Okay. I have some bad news.
You're dying?
No, not that bad.
I'm dying?
No.
My parents are in town.
They're visiting,
and they're coming around.
Oh, God. Parents?
American parents?
Mm-hmm.
- When?
- Now.
Yeah, they told me,
and I didn't tell you,
and I thought they'd cancel,
'cause they normally do,
and they didn't.
- Now now?
- Now, now, now.
So you should probably
put on some pants.
Oh. God.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
Um--
I'm sorry.
Uh, do-do-do
they know I exist?
Uh, yeah. I've mentioned
something like you,
but nothing very specific.
Um, oh, yeah.
And they're quite conservative,
so maybe not those pants.
[ Intercom Buzzes ]
Oh.
Okay. Yeah.
Oh, God. Okay.
[ Intercom Buzzes ]
Um--
Could you just, um,
stall them? Stall them.
[ Intercom Buzzes ]
Uh, come on up.
What?
I'm sorry.
They don't like waiting.
Okay.
Um, do-do I live here?
Uh, definitely not.
Okay. Um, uh,
are we having sex? Zip.
Uh, yeah.
But not oral.
I wasn't gonna
mention oral.
Okay, good. Don't.
[ Chuckles ]
How did you think
that was gonna come up?
Could you help me
with this, please?
I don't know.
If it does,
just deny it completely.
Well, who's gonna bring it up?
Your dad?
"Tim, had any cunnilingus
with my daughter recently?"
Well, you never know.
[ Zips ]
Okay.
Yeah.
Ready?
[ Knocks ]
They're there.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Yeah. Ooh, they are. Yeah.
Yeah, right behind you.
Okay. Right. Okay.
Dad!
Hello, sweet.
Mom.
Hi, honey.
Oh, uh, this is Tim.
Hello, sir, ma'am.
Hi.
Oh, should we, uh,
come back when you haven't
got any company, or--
Oh, well, that would be, uh,
quite difficult, because
Tim actually, uh, lives here.
Really?
With you?
Yes.
Yeah, but no oral sex,
I promise you.
I beg your pardon?
Excuse me.
[ Whooshes ]
So, Tim,
tell us,
where are you from,
which part of the country?
He's from Cornwall.
Yeah, it's really pretty.
It's, um-- It's that
little bit right at the end,
sort of looks like a shoe.
- [ Father ] Right.
- And you're a lawyer,
is that right?
Yep. Yep. That's right.
Uh, and he never loses.
You don't think he's gonna win,
and then he just pulls something
out of the bag,
and wouldn't you know,
he wins again.
Do you ever answer
any of your own questions?
I-I--
Yes, he does.
Usually he does,
but not today, because
I'm doing all the talking,
because I'm really nervous,
and I-- I kind of love him,
and I-- I just--
I want--
I want you to too.
Oh, honey.
Sorry, Tim.
Over to you. Shoot.
Uh, yeah. I think my dad--
Can I just say
one more thing?
Yeah. Yeah.
Um--
Thank God that's over.
I got given two tickets for
the National Theatre tomorrow.
Do you wanna come?
Oh, no. So not.
I'm just gonna
sleep all day.
[ Sighs ]
I don't see why
going to the theater
should get in the way of that.
Many of the best sleeps
of my life have happened in
the Royal Shakespeare Company.
[ Chuckles ]
No.
You take someone else.
I really like bed,
and I really hate theater.
Quite right.
But what kind of sad act
is gonna be free
on a Saturday night...
with no days notice?
[ Applause ]
Whoo-hoo!
Bravo.
Oh, my God.
It's Charlotte.
Who?
My first love.
Where?
There.
Under the Exit sign.
- [ Rory ] The old woman?
- No, not the old woman.
The astonishing blonde.
The one with the dark hair?
No, blonde. Blonde means
blonde hair, doesn't it?
[ Chuckling ]
Off the stage.
Okay. You stay there.
I mean it. Stay.
♪ It seems
we stood and talked ♪
♪ Like this before ♪♪
Charlotte.
Oh, my God. Tim.
Yeah.
Oh, how fabulous to see you.
[ Chuckles ]
Wow. I--
This is
my girlfriend Tina.
Tim.
No. Oh.
That is so brilliant.
Well, hello, Tina.
- Why is it brilliant?
- Uh, well, you know,
there are certain moments
in your life
that scar you for life.
Charlotte's rejection of me
was one of those moments, but...
now I know
she's got a girlfriend,
well, that's just
a huge burden suddenly
lifted off my mind.
I-- I can be a confident
heterosexual all over again.
Not that kind
of girlfriend.
What?
You think I'm gay?
No.
No, of course not. No.
Girl... friend. Yes.
No. Wow.
Yeah, a friend who is a girl,
which you so clearly are.
I'm just gonna go and
get my, uh, boyfriend,
who is a boy.
[ Whooshes ]
Oh, my God. Tim.
Yeah.
- Oh, how lovely to see you.
- Oh.
Look at you. Wow.
This is my girlfriend Tina.
Oh.
Hello, Tina.
Although you should
be a little careful with that,
by the way.
Uh, there are still
quite a lot of us
old-fashioned types about...
who, uh, interpret "girlfriend"
as meaning "gay."
So if you say that Tina's
your girlfriend, people will
assume that you're gay.
I am "gay."
Are you?
Do you have
a problem with that?
No, I don't.
I love that stuff.
[ Whooshes ]
I'm just gonna--
Wow.
I've just seen the girl
who broke my heart
three summers ago.
Let's go say hello.
No.
Best let sleeping dogs lie.
Come on.
Best night of my life.
I always love this area.
It's so bustling, and, I mean,
those pictures full of color.
Just makes me so happy
when I'm round here,
all the colors--
- Tim?
- Oh, Charlotte!
Tim! How lovely to see you.
What a surprise.
Wow.
Sorry. This, um--
This is my girlfriend Tina.
- [ Whispers ] She's gay.
- Shut up. Uh, yeah.
Hello, Tina.
Look at you.
It would just never even
occur to me you existed
outside of Cornwall.
Um, we're about to go
get dinner, but it'd be great
to hang out sometime.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, that'd be--
I'd love that.
Oh, and send my love
to little Kit Kat.
How is she?
Uh, she's okay.
She's not finding London
totally easy.
Right. Right.
Well, Jimmy says
he sees her sometimes.
Really? Since when?
You knew there was
always something there.
Sorry. Um, you are?
Very well, thank you.
Well, she means your name.
Oh, Roger.
No, it's not.
No, it's-- it's not--
It's-- It's Rory.
Nice to meet you,
Rory.
Yeah.
Um, right, sorry,
we should get going.
- Uh, it was
really great to see you.
- You too.
I'll see you soon.
Yeah. Bye.
God, she is beautiful.
Very weird.
I think we should
go to that--
She's so beautiful,
if you had sex with her,
you'd die. You'd just die.
You'd open her shirt,
you'd see her breasts,
and your eyes would explode.
You'd have to
have sex with her blind.
And then you'd die.
Well, you notice
she didn't give me
her number. That's--
Tim. I, um--
I told Tina to go
have dinner on her own.
Are you hungry?
Oh, um, yeah.
Of course. Yeah.
Great. Bye, Roger.
Oh, yeah, excellent.
Thanks again for the play.
Triumph.
- Where do you wanna go?
- Um, uh, well, wherever
you like really.
[ Laughing ]
I can't compete.
You know, I'm starting
to think we slightly wasted
that summer holiday.
If we could travel
back in time,
maybe I wouldn't
have said no.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm, um--
I'm just staying
round the corner.
Can you walk me home?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah. Of course. Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
Well, here we are.
Mmm.
It's a lot nicer... inside.
I'm sure it is.
Mm-hmm.
So--
Um, so--
S--
So... lovely...
to see you, Charlotte.
What a night.
Um, total joy,
but I-- I've gotta get back,
because there's something
very important
that I have to do, right now.
Wake up.
Mmm?
What?
Mary.
Mmm.
Would you like...
to marry--
Shh.
Don't be so selfish.
I'm sleeping.
It's bad.
Oh. Right.
That went very well.
[ Whooshes ]
Wake up.
Hmm?
Come and have a chat.
Why?
I've got something important
to ask you.
[ Murmurs ]
Can't it wait
till morning?
Not really.
But I'm so comfy.
I was having
the loveliest dream.
What is it?
♪♪ [ Soft Jazz ]
Why is there music on?
It's got something to do
with what I want to ask you.
Wait a minute.
Romantic music.
Guy with important question.
- Are you on your knees?
- Mm-hmm.
On his knees.
Mmm.
Were you so bored
in the play...
you decided to ask me
to marry you afterwards?
Huh?
Something like that.
Yeah.
Ex-Exactly that.
In fact,
will you marry me?
♪♪ [ Jazz Continues ]
Any thoughts on the answer?
"Yes"? "No"?
"Get out of my life, loser."
They're all possible.
I think I'll go for--
[ Exhaling ]
Yes.
Thank you for asking me.
And thank you for not going
for one of those
melodramatic proposals...
with lots of people around.
I hate other people.
Me too.
[ Groans ]
I'm just gonna
turn off the radio.
Okay.
Good idea.
- ♪♪ [ Louder ]
- Shh! Shh!
[ Whispering ]
Thanks, guys.
Sorry, she's a bit tired.
But we really appreciate it.
Can you go?
Um, here.
Wow!
- That's so beautiful.
- I don't think we'll be staying
in the same room, somehow.
- Oh, really?
- Oh, if they offer you tea,
just say no.
No? No.
Yeah.
- Hello.
- Mum, this is Mary.
Mary!
Hi.
Good Lord,
you're pretty.
Oh, no, I--
It's just...
I've got a lot of mascara
and lipstick on.
Let's have a look.
Oh, yes. Good.
It's very bad for a girl
to be too pretty.
It stops her developing
a sense of humor.
Or a personality.
[ Chuckles ]
Tea?
I'd love a cup of tea.
Oh, Christ.
That's the whole day gone.
You get a saucer.
She's a very special guest.
That's very, very--
Cup without the crack.
[ Mary ]
Oh, skipping stones.
[ Mum ]
They've been doing this since
he was about this high.
And what are your faults?
I mean, little weaknesses.
Oh, uh--
I--
[ Chuckles ]
Uh--
Well, I'm very insecure.
Sweet.
Okay.
I, um--
I've a very bad temper
sometimes.
Crucial.
How else are you gonna get
a fella to do what you want?
[ Laughs ]
Oh, and, of course,
I have, um--
I have a weakness
for your son.
So do I.
But best not to tell him.
Don't want him getting cocky.
[ Laughs ]
Pow.
[ Makes Cracking Sound ]
Pow!
I'm so good without the ball.
Pow! Pow.
- What do you think of her?
- I like her more than you
already.
Oh, look, I'd forgotten this.
Jimmy Fontana, "Il Mondo."
Greatest record ever recorded by
an Italian who looks like he's
got a dead badger on his head.
And you've got the album.
Yes!
- Check out those specs!
- [ Laughs ]
Come on. On with the game!
Right.
And what an extraordinary game
this is.
For the first time, a father
and son are playing each other
in the World Table Tennis Final,
and neither of them
are Chinese.
Tremendous play from the old
world champion and his son,
the first openly ginger
British table tennis player,
but there are signs
the youngster's beginning
to crack.
- There are tears in his eyes.
- There are not!
There soon will be!
[ Laughs ]
Ha, ha, ha!
[ Kit Kat ]
Hey.
Hey!
I didn't know you were here.
Yeah.
I just popped down
for a while.
Oh, okay.
What about the job?
[ Imitates Chopping ]
Oh.
So how long
have you been here?
Couple of weeks.
Gosh!
So, life in London--
Horrid.
Okay.
Um, is Mary here?
- Yes.
- Where?
Uh, downstairs.
Oh, you be gentle.
Be gentle!
- [ Gasps ]
- Ooh! Ooh!
- Oh, careful!
- [ Loud Smooching ]
- Yeah,
nice to see you too.
- Yeah.
[ Whispering ]
I'm trying to make
a good impression.
Yeah, you make
Thank you.
[ Chattering ]
Uh, right. Sorry.
Um, sorry. I--
I've got an important
announcement to make.
- [ Desmond ] Exciting.
- Mm-hmm.
[ Clears Throat ]
We've decided,
after a little bit of thought,
to get married.
[ All Exclaiming ]
- [ Kit Kat ] Good. Good.
- [ Desmond ]
That's wonderful news!
- Who are you
getting married to?
- To Mary. Over there.
Oh!
Thank God for that.
Jolly embarrassing if it
had been another girl.
Imagine that.
[ Mum ]
We're so pleased.
Oh. Oh, no, sorry.
Um, yeah. Uh, by the way,
the wedding will be quite soon.
Uh, because we're--
we're having a baby too.
- What?
- [ All Exclaiming ]
- [ Desmond Laughing ]
- [ Exclaiming Continues ]
You're pregnant?
Yeah.
Ohh. Who's the father?
- Oh. Well, Tim, I hope.
- Oh, thank God for that.
Jolly awkward
if it had been
another fella.
Mmm.
We have to decide tonight.
What?
Everything.
I mean, the only thing you've
decided about our wedding...
is that I'm coming down
the aisle to the sound
of some Italian weirdo...
singing a song called
"Il Mondo."
Excellent song.
To which I've said
a definitive no.
So here's the deal.
I will take off
one item of clothing
for every decision you make.
Okay. You have my attention,
young lady.
Right. Um--
Where would you like
to get married?
Home.
I'd hate anywhere else.
Okay.
Oh, my God.
Good.
Who should the priest be?
It'll have to be the local bloke
with yellow teeth
and the massive unibrow.
Okay.
That's a lock for Hagrid.
- Um, best man.
- Damn.
- Best man. Now.
- Oh, no. This is so hard.
It's lose-lose, you know?
You piss off the ones you
don't pick, and you end up
hating the one you do pick...
because he makes a bad speech
and ruins the day.
- Do you wanna see
these puppies or not?
- Yes, I do.
Jay.
It's your choice.
Oh, he's my best friend,
but he's a moron.
Yeah. He will
mess up everything.
- Rory.
- Sure?
- No, Harry. Harry.
- Harry it is. Let's do this.
- Yeah. Oh, R-Rory. Sorry.
- What? That's such a cheat.
Oh! Okay, fine.
Honeymoon?
Bed and breakfast in Scotland.
I am not taking my pants off
for Scotland.
But it's all we can afford.
Take off your pants.
- I will not.
- Take off your pants!
[ Squeals ]
I want two weeks in Bali!
Take off those pants!
[ Thunder Rumbles ]
[ Chattering ]
Have you planned a break?
No.
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
♪♪ [ Man Singing In Italian ]
[ Whispers ]
Oh, no!
- Is that you?
- No, it wasn't me.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Whispers ]
It's for you.
♪♪ [ Louder ]
♪♪ [ Mouthing Lyrics ]
♪ Un mondo ♪
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪ Il mondo ♪
[ Fabric Ripping ]
Oh!
Oh, no! I'm caught!
I've got it. I've got it!
[ Laughs ]
Help me!
[ All Screaming ]
Yes!
[ Tim ]
Right. Follow me.
[ Screams ]
- [ Screams ]
- [ Tim Shouting ]
My gosh!
[ Shouts ]
- Oh, my God!
- Ow!
Oh, God!
[ Both Laughing ]
I'm so happy that--
Good.
It's a joke!
[ Women Screaming ]
Here.
♪ Il mondo ♪♪
Here, come on.
[ Laughs ]
This way.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Screaming, Giggling ]
[ Women Screaming ]
Ohh!
[ Laughing ]
[ Guests Screaming ]
[ Wind Howling ]
[ Applause ]
Hello. I'm Rory.
Um--
Wh-When Tim asked me
to be his-his best man, um,
I was terrified.
So I thought, um,
best thing is to find
a book about speeches.
- And, um, here it is.
- [ Woman ] Oh.
And, um, it says
think of really funny anecdotes.
Um, and there is
a very hilarious story,
actually, from work.
It was-- It was quite
a complicated case
based on an issue...
of cross-amortization
of ownership of postdivorce
properties, and, um, uh--
[ Stammers ]
Let me just explain the context.
Uh, the defendant--
- [ Whooshes ]
- When Tim asked me to do
his best man speech,
my immediate reaction was, uh,
"How much are you gonna pay me,
you little shit?
I don't write
for free, you know."
[ Whooshes ]
These were the girls
available to him at that time.
Hello, girls.
And this is how far he got
with each of them.
Let me explain the code.
- Five, blow job.
- [ Guests Laughing ]
- Eight, full penetrative--
- [ Whooshes ]
And so, uh, a toast...
to the man with the worst
haircut but the best bride
in the room.
[ All Laughing ]
Yeah.
- Ladies and gentlemen,
Tim and Mary.
- [ All ] Tim and Mary.
That's so sweet.
That's us.
I wish I'd said
"I love you."
You did, Dad.
It was implied.
I'm not sure "implied"
is good enough
for a wedding day, are you?
No, don't.
Don't do it.
It's fine.
I'm so ha--
I'm so happy with it as it was.
You really don't have to.
I'll do what I wanna do,
young man. Will you excuse me
for just one moment?
[ Whooshes ]
Later on I may tell you
about Tim's many failings...
as a man
and as a table tennis player.
But important first
to say the one...
big thing.
I've only loved
three men in my life.
My dad was a frosty bugger,
so that only leaves
dear Uncle Desmond.
Um, B.B. King, obviously,
and this young man here.
I'd only give one piece
of advice to anyone marrying.
[ Stammers ]
We're all quite similar
in the end.
We all get old
and tell the same tales
too many times.
But try and marry someone...
kind.
And this is a kind man
with a good heart.
I'm not particularly proud
of many things in my life,
but I am very proud...
to be the father of my son.
[ Glass Dings ]
♪♪ [ Pop, Faint ]
I'm so sorry to disturb you,
uh, but I wonder if
I could have your autograph.
No. No.
[ Scoffs ]
I'm at a wedding,
for God's sake.
I'm here to celebrate
true love, not...
scribble my illegible signature
on stupid bits of paper...
that you can flog on eBay
so that at the next wedding
you can wear a less hideous hat.
I see you've met
my Aunt May.
Oh, God.
People should wear name tags.
You next,
Kittle Kattle.
I don't know, Uncle D.
Boys aren't very nice.
Aren't they, darling?
Not in my experience.
They're always taking liberties,
not giving much back in return.
[ Man Chuckling ]
Mmm?
It's yummy.
Yeah? I like the way
you say yummy.
[ Woman Laughs ]
Do you wish we'd picked
another, less wet day?
No. No.
Not for the world.
Phew.
[ Chuckles Softly ]
[ Sighs ]
And so it begins.
Lots and lots
of types of days.
Fun!
[ Fusses ]
[ Mary Gasps ]
[ Fussing ]
[ Whispers ]
Posy.
Posy she is.
Oh!
The most beautiful girl
in the world.
[ Cries ]
Oh, yeah.
You want your daddy.
Yes, I know.
Oh.
[ Crying Stops, Fusses ]
There.
[ Fussing Stops ]
[ Tim Narrating ] No one can
ever prepare you for what
happens when you have a child.
When you see the baby
in your arms and you know
that it's your job now.
[ Fussing ]
No one can prepare you
for the love...
and the fear.
Oh, she's lovely.
You were such an ugly baby.
[ Chuckles ]
More chimpanzee than child.
- [ Chuckles ]
- I remember the first time
I saw you,
I thanked God
we were in driving distance
of London Zoo.
Come on. Hand over
the little bugger.
Let's see if she bounces.
- Are we sure?
- [ Kit Kat ]
She definitely will bounce.
Oh, look.
She can do anything.
Look.
Hello.
[ Desmond Chuckles ]
Sweetheart.
[ Tim Narrating ]
No one can prepare you
for the love...
people you love
can feel for them.
That's quite incredible.
You've just slain your master.
And nothing can prepare you
for the indifference of friends
who don't have babies.
Do you wanna go
to Uncle Jay? Huh?
Hmm? No. No.
No, thanks. It's fine.
It's great.
[ Laughs ]
And it's a shock how quickly...
you have to move to a new place
you completely can't afford.
- [ Packing Tape Tearing ]
- [ Tim ]
Look what we found.
Look who it is!
Hello.
Honey.
Sorry.
[ Slicing ]
[ Tim Narrating ]
Suddenly, time travel seems
almost unnecessary,
because every detail of life
is so delightful.
[ Dad ]
Thank you very much.
If you ever wonder if I want--
Doo, doo, doo, doo.
What's his name?
Horace, I think.
Of course it is.
Only one important thing
for a godfather, I'm told.
Never bring a present
smaller than the child.
Oh, shut up, you smug bastard.
Oh, don't worry.
I didn't bring anything at all.
She'll never know.
Hasn't got a brain yet.
I didn't expect to see you here,
Harry.
Children's party
is not exactly your style.
No, Mary. I was tricked.
I was told there'd be
free booze.
[ Babbles ]
[ Tim And Mary ]
Oh!
I hate kids, as you know.
Where-- Where's Kit Kat,
by the way?
I don't know.
She said she'd be here
around 3:00.
[ Posy ] Uh-oh.
And you know we got purple
cupcakes for her especially.
[ Knocking ]
Ooh. Ah.
Here she is!
[ Tim ]
Speak of the devil.
That will be her. Right.
Well-Well, we'll wait
till Auntie Kit Kat gets here.
Hey.
Jimmy. Where's my sister?
Thought she was here.
No, she hasn't arrived.
- That's not good.
- What does that mean?
Um--
We had an argument this morning,
over nothing. But, uh,
she-- she'd been drinking, so--
And then she ran out to get
the car to come here and...
I told her to meet me here,
so... she should be--
[ Tim Narrating ]
There's a song by Baz Luhrmann
called "Sunscreen."
He says worrying about
the future...
is as effective as trying
to solve an algebra equation
by chewing bubble gum.
The real troubles
in your life...
will always be things
that never crossed
your worried mind.
[ Metal Crunching ]
[ Glass Shattering ]
- What happened?
- We had a fight.
And... maybe I wasn't
completely sober.
How is she?
Not good.
When did she leave you?
From where?
I want it exact.
Exact time.
Exact address.
- [ Jimmy ]
We had an argument.
- I'm worried about Kit Kat.
Ah, here we are.
Sorry, sorry.
[ Whispers ]
Come on.
Oh, God. There she is.
[ Mary ]
Hi.
Hey.
Does a small baby live here?
[ Both Chuckling ]
Yes, and she's so excited.
She's downstairs.
Happy birthday, Posy.
Oh!
[ High-pitched ]
Oh! Oh!
[ Giggles ]
I'm sorry.
I had to pick up Kit Kat.
I thought she was gonna
drive herself.
Turns out she couldn't.
She okay?
Later.
[ Tim ]
I'm worried about Kit Kat.
Yeah.
I know.
She was drinking wine
while we were drinking tea.
And Jimmy wasn't nice to her.
And she spurned
the purple cupcakes.
We have to do something
to fix it.
Yeah.
But, you know,
if it's gonna be fixed,
I think she probably
has to do it herself.
Maybe.
Maybe not.
[ Tim ]
My darling.
What's happened?
You're the best person
in the world.
You're top equal with my wife.
I don't get it.
Maybe, just maybe,
I'm the faller.
Every family has,
like, someone who falls,
who-- who doesn't
make the grade,
who stumbles,
who life trips up.
Maybe I'm our faller.
[ Softly ]
No.
Okay.
I'm gonna tell you a secret.
And you have to promise
to keep it.
We've always kept secrets.
We have?
Mmm.
You promise you won't ever,
ever, ever, ever, ever,
ever, ever tell?
Yes.
[ Whispers ]
I can travel in time.
Why are we standing
in the cupboard
under the stairs?
Because we're gonna go back
in time, and you're gonna do
some things differently.
I love it when you're funny.
Grab my hand.
Close your eyes.
[ Overlapping Voices,
Indistinct ]
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my assing God in a box!
- ♪♪ [ Speakers: Woman Singing ]
- [ Chattering ]
You're kidding?
♪♪ [ Continues, Faint ]
I can go anywhere in time,
and you bring me back
to the worst party of all time.
Afraid so.
Let's go.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
We've got work to do.
What work?
Making sure you
do not meet Jimmy Kincade.
Quick, in here.
But he's about to fall
in love with me!
Not this time he isn't.
[ Jimmy ]
Well, who's
the pretty-looking girl?
- It's Jennifer, isn't it?
- Yeah.
- Wild.
I like your skirt, Jennifer.
- Thank you.
Right. I get it.
If he hadn't met me,
he would have just had sex
with someone else.
Nip it in the bud, eh?
- Excuse me, Jimmy.
- Sorry.
Do-Do I know you?
Yeah, you do.
Very well.
Sorry.
Um, and this is what I--
what I should have done
right at the start.
- [ Grunting ]
- [ Guests Exclaiming ]
[ Panting ]
Um, happy New Year, everybody.
Happy New Year. Happy New Year.
Okay.
And back to the cupboard.
[ Chattering ]
Amazing!
What happens now?
God knows.
What I'm hoping is that
from this moment on
you avoid the sleazy bad guys,
because they're
sleazy and bad.
When did you get
so serious?
Since it occurred to me
that I might lose you.
Brace yourself.
This could be weird.
Things will have changed.
Come on!
Oh, my God.
[ Sighs ]
What?
Jay.
Jay, Jay?
Yes.
And, um, he's adorable.
Oh, my God.
Right.
Let's do this.
Come on, you two.
Mum's just cracked open
a packet of biscuits.
[ Mum ]
What do you mean it's changed?
You're doing it.
I've got something in mind
for you. You know, don't you?
[ Jay ] I know
what you're gonna say.
Have a biscuit and come help.
[ Jay ]
Yeah.
Mmm. But leave--
Leave the rest
for Uncle D. I want--
It's just tidying really.
Hey.
Hi.
You all right?
Yeah.
I missed you.
Your mum wants me to do
some gardening.
Okay.
[ Mum ]
It's a tidying up.
It's all a bit out of control.
- [ Muffled ]
Here we go.
- Anything that looks dead, out.
- [ Jay ] This is what we're
looking for. Okay? All this.
- Great. Yeah, okay.
Dead stuff.
[ Mum And Jay Chattering ]
[ Jay ]
They've torn them to shreds,
haven't they?
[ Mum ]
Very likely.
Good.
- How did everything go?
- Immensely satisfactory.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm so happy.
Oh!
I wanna hear all about it.
Um, will you do dinner for us?
Because there's something
I have to do before 6:00
or I'll get fired.
Yeah. I can't think of anything
I'd love to do more.
[ Whispers ] Thank you.
Okay, where is the most
fabulous person in the world?
Come to your dad
and get mashed-up food
shoved into your mouth!
[ Raspberry ]
Hello there, little boy.
Oh!
You just... wait there,
and I'll be back in a minute.
Dad, can I have
a quick word?
Yeah. Sure.
- I can't go back
past the birth again, can I?
- No.
I should have mentioned that.
You're okay till it comes out,
but the exact sperm
at the exact moment got you
this particular baby,
so if you do anything the
tiniest bit different, you'll--
you'll have a different child.
So, every day up till yesterday
is as it will always be?
Lost.
- Just like for everyone else.
- Okay. Interesting.
Tough.
I love you, Dad.
I've gotta go.
- [ Tires Screeching ]
- [ Glass Shattering ]
[ Machine Beeping ]
Go home.
[ Tim ]
No.
We're not leaving this room
until we find a way of making
sure this never happens again.
Will you go now?
I have to leave Jimmy,
don't I?
For good.
And I have to stop drinking.
And stop leaving jobs.
And... I have to go out
with someone...
nice and... boring.
Yea.
And you know,
nice isn't necessarily boring.
- Like who?
- Matt Damon?
[ Gasps ]
Okay. I'll go out
with Matt Damon.
Tell me.
Have you seen
Jay recently?
Your Jay?
Mmm.
What, sticky-up hair Jay?
Looks a bit like a Muppet, Jay?
Yes.
He just popped into my head.
He's always had a crush on you.
Really?
Yeah.
- Weird.
- Thinking of asking him
to dinner.
- Are you free?
- Might be.
Might have to freshen up
a bit first.
Yeah. You look shit.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Kit Kat Laughs ]
Joanna? Hey.
Oh, thank Christ you're back.
It's been a total nightmare.
I know.
It's all fine anyway.
Where is she?
[ Mum ]
It was the single worst night
of my life.
Where's Posy?
[ Mary ]
She's okay.
There she is.
Hello!
Hello.
Darling, how are you doing?
[ Cries ]
Let's have another one.
Oh, screw that. No.
Oh.
That hurt, and I got fat.
Like fat fat.
[ Laughs ]
You got a little bit fat.
Didn't she?
Tell Mummy
you want a sister.
No.
- Tell Daddy you're happy
being an only child.
- Tell Mummy you want a sister.
[ Tim Narrating ]
Fortunately we are young
and careless,
and it wasn't long
before there were four of us.
And this is incredible.
Posy Lake, only three years old,
is about to break the women's
10-meter Olympic record.
They're gonna do it.
And here they are.
They've done it!
Fantastic.
Whoa! Nice!
That was brilliant.
You're so good.
Sleeping right through
all that.
I know.
Can you help me?
I am so nervous.
What do I wear for dinner
with our best-selling author?
Let me finish up
with the monsters
and I'll come right up.
Right. Great.
Thank you.
[ Whispers ]
Go again.
Okay.
How about this?
That's gorgeous.
Job done. Yeah.
No. Take it seriously.
Mm-hmm.
It's--
I don't know.
- No, I hate it.
- Yeah.
It's boring...
and makes me look
kind of lumpy.
Yeah. No, you're right.
It-- It is boring and lumpy.
I hate it.
Okay.
What about this?
Gorgeous.
We did it.
- [ Gasps ]
No, it's too breasty.
- Is it?
Okay.
It's not too breasty.
No. I'm not wearing
these heels.
I look like a prostitute.
Well, not high heels then.
But then we have
the short legs problem.
Okay. Well, do you want
to look like a prostitute
or a dwarf?
Warning.
That's a warning.
- Yes!
- No.
No!
Now that I like.
No. I-- I'm just picking up
the dress that this goes under.
Such a bad boy.
- This one?
- Not bad.
- Or this one?
- It's a trick question,
isn't it?
- Same dress.
- No!
No?
Okay. I don't think
this one's too bad.
Yeah, it's fabulous.
Really?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Mm-hmm.
Great. Good.
Um--
How about the blue one?
Blue one.
Yeah.
Yeah. The first one
that you tried on...
that was boring and lumpy,
but that wasn't actually
boring and lumpy--
that one?
Yeah, which-which
do you prefer?
I don't know.
I'm actually
starting to go mad.
Okay, I think I like
the blue one.
[ Whispers ]
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay. Okay, let's go with
this one then.
You look amazing.
Really?
Yes.
Okay, thanks.
[ Sighs ]
Oh, God.
Hmm.
Where's--
Where's Posy?
I-I left her downstairs.
Not leaving the door open to the
room with the manuscript in it?
Uh--
I-I don't think so.
Look at me.
Look-- Look me in the eye--
Mm-hmm.
and talk me through this.
Well--
Basically my life is over.
Okay.
I really need to go out
for just, like, two minutes.
Maybe one.
Don't you dare!
[ Phone Rings ]
- Okay, I'm just--
- Don't you dare answer that!
What am I gonna do?
[ Ringing Continues ]
I think we should
really answer the phone.
If you answer the goddamn phone,
I will kill you
with the phone.
I won't answer the phone,
but I do-- I do need to get out.
So, I mean--
No. No getting out.
No getting out. No.
Okay. Right.
Oh! "I'm sorry, Mr. McEwan.
We read most of your book,
but, you see, the rest of it
was, um, colored on or...
shredded."
Yeah.
I-- I had no idea Posy actually
knew how to use that machine.
- In a way, that's impressive.
- [ Ringing Continues ]
What is it? What?
How can I help you?
Oh, Mary. Uh--
Uh, no, everything--
Sorry.
Um, your son
will explain.
It's your mother.
Hi, Mum.
No, no. It's okay. We'll--
We'll come straight down.
Okay, bye-bye.
[ Phone Beeps ]
[ Rings ]
Hello, darling.
Mum. How are you?
Honestly?
Why not?
I am fucking furious.
I am so... uninterested
in a life without your father.
Mary. Come on,
let's make some tea.
Mmm, okay.
How are you?
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm fine.
Did you eat?
Yes, of course.
Yeah? Okay.
Desmond.
How are you?
I'm very well, thanks.
Though a little hot.
Hmm.
Your father, I think,
is not so well.
- Cancer.
- Yes.
I'm very unhappy
about it, Tim.
At your wedding
he said he loved me.
He does.
I know.
That was the best day
of my life.
So this is probably the worst.
Dad.
Oh, for God's sake.
[ Chuckles ]
Not you too.
What?
Well, Kit Kat's just rolled up,
blubbing her eyes out,
and now you're here.
- What's Mum been saying?
- The truth.
Yeah, well--
Apart from that?
It may have been the smoking,
but I couldn't undo that as it
was before you were all born.
And anyway, your mother
definitely wouldn't have
gone out with me...
if I hadn't been
such a sexy smoker.
[ Chuckles ]
I did get diagnosed
as soon as possible,
but it was too late.
- How long have we got?
- Oh, you know--
It-- It could be... years.
- How long really?
- [ Sighs ]
Weeks, I'm afraid.
Have we had
this conversation before?
Yeah.
- What happened?
- I rather let myself down.
I hugged you.
[ Groans ]
[ Chuckles ]
Sorry.
I think I just thought
with the time thing--
No, I never said
we could fix things.
I specifically never said that.
Life's a mixed bag,
no matter who you are.
Look at Jesus.
He was the Son of God,
for God's sake,
and look how that
turned out.
I know, but--
[ Chuckles ]
You must see I feel
a bit cheated.
Don't. In fact,
feel the opposite.
The only people who give up work
at 50 are the time travelers
with cancer...
who want to play
more table tennis
with their sons.
Right.
So that's been the deal?
I'm sorry we had to call.
It suddenly got very bad.
And... I have something
very important to tell you.
Or let me check.
Do you want to know
the big secret,
or would you rather
find it out for yourself,
like I did?
Oh, Christ.
There's another secret.
Less dramatic.
Much more important.
The real mother ship.
No, go on.
[ Sniffles ]
Tell me.
Let's save some time.
[ Indistinct ]
[ Tim Narrating ]
And so he told me his
secret formula for happiness.
Part one of the two-part plan...
was that I should just get on
with ordinary life,
living it day by day,
like anyone else.
[ Engine Starts ]
This is our current statement
with a revised, uh, paragraph
there, highlighted.
"From the statutory objective
under-- et cetera, et cetera"--
Oh, Rupert. Rupert,
is that the best you can do?
No. No.
Absolutely not.
We can... change that.
Item number two.
Uh--
Hi.
Good afternoon, sir.
Eating in
or taking away today?
Um, take away, please.
Yeah?
No problem.
Lovely, that's 4.24 then,
please, sir.
Okay, right.
Thanks.
Thank you kindly.
Lovely.
And there's your change, sir.
Great.
Seventy-six pence change.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Hello there.
Are you eating in
or taking away?
[ Panting, Exhales Loudly ]
Do you find the defendant,
John Welbeck, guilty
or not guilty of fraud?
- Not guilty.
- And that is the verdict
of you all?
Yes.
Thank you.
You may be seated.
[ Whispers ]
Oh, thank God.
[ Judge ]
Let the defendant be discharged.
[ Male Court Clerk ]
Be upstanding in court.
♪♪ [ Headphones: Rock ]
Lights out?
Yeah.
Tough day.
[ Tim Narrating ]
But then came part two
of Dad's plan.
He told me to live every day
again almost exactly the same.
The first time with all
the tensions and worries...
that stop us noticing
how sweet the world can be,
but the second time...
noticing.
Okay, Dad.
Let's give it a go.
What's our statement
at the moment?
Uh, this--
Uh, this-- This is it
with the revised--
[ Indistinct ]
[ Man ]
♪ I know it doesn't
seem that way ♪
Robert, this
bears all the hallmarks--
- Is this the best you can do?
- ♪ But maybe
it's the perfect day ♪
- ♪ Even though the bills
are piling ♪
- Ooh.
- [ Laughs ]
- ♪ Maybe Lady Luck
ain't smiling ♪
Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon.
You eating in
or taking away today?
Take away.
Yeah? No problem.
Would you like a bag?
That's fine.
Lovely, that's 6.23 then.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you. Bye-bye.
Hello there.
♪ We'd see the blessings
in disguise ♪
Oh! Oh!
What?
Isn't this room beautiful?
Yeah.
All right then. Come on.
What?
Not guilty.
- ♪ There's gold in them hills ♪
- Fantastic!
♪ There's gold in them hills ♪
♪ So don't lose heart ♪
[ Tim Laughs ]
- ♪ Give the day a chance
to start ♪
- [ Indistinct ]
♪ There's gold in them hills ♪
♪ There's gold
in them hills ♪♪
So not such a bad day
after all?
No.
It was pretty good really.
Very good day, actually--
as it turns out.
Well, that's a relief,
because if it had been
a very bad day,
I thought I might have had
to have had sex with you
to make up for it.
Good night.
Mmm.
It was a very, very bad day.
It went very, very badly.
I-I--
I got fired from my job.
[ Mary Chuckling Softly ]
And then I killed a man.
That is a very bad day.
It's terrible.
Yeah.
Like the worst day ever.
Mmm.
So sorry.
[ Tim Narrating ]
Some days, of course though,
you only want
to go through once.
[ Whispers ]
You okay?
[ Sniffles ]
[ Man ]
♪ I don't believe ♪
♪ In an interventionist God ♪
♪ But I know, darling,
that you do ♪
Right. Are we ready for this?
Of course we're not.
Hateful day.
[ Tim ]
Just, uh, give me one minute.
♪ Oh, not to touch a hair
in your head ♪
♪ Leave you as you are ♪
♪ If he felt
he had to direct you ♪
♪ Then direct you into my arms ♪
[ Dad ]
This is so brilliant.
Dickens is so good
on actual jokes,
actual... gags.
Where have you come from?
It's the--
Oh. Okay.
Big day.
Thanks for dropping in.
How's Uncle Desmond's suit?
Oh. Immaculate.
[ Chuckles ]
Excellent.
Did I mention
I wanted the Nick Cave track?
It's taken care of.
Thank you.
Can I just read you
this one bit?
[ Sighs ]
Read away.
I've got lots of time.
"I think the Romans must have
aggravated one another
very much, with their noses.
Perhaps they became
the restless people they were
in consequence.
Anyhow, Mr. Wopsle's Roman nose
so aggravated me"--
[ Voice Fades ]
♪ Into my arms, O Lord ♪
♪ Into my arms,
O Lord ♪
♪ Into my arms, O Lord ♪
[ Sobs ]
♪ Into my arms ♪
[ Sobbing Continues ]
♪ But I believe in love ♪
[ Engine Starts ]
♪ And I know that you do too ♪
♪ And I believe
in some kind of path ♪
♪ That we can walk down,
me and you ♪
♪ So keep your candles burning,
make your journey bright
and pure ♪
♪ That she'll keep returning
always and evermore ♪
♪ Into my arms, O Lord ♪
♪ Into my arms,
O Lord ♪
♪ Into my arms, O Lord ♪
♪ Into my arms ♪♪
What do you think
about the kids?
What about them?
How many of them are there?
What?
Well, I mean--
Two?
That's--
That's more than
the Chinese are allowed.
[ Chuckles ]
I just thought that maybe,
you know,
it was time
for the insurance baby.
What?
In case one of them
is really smart.
We don't want the other one
to feel stupid their whole life.
And if we had a third one,
then we could have two
happy dummies.
What do you think?
Huh?
[ Tim Narrating ]
It was the toughest decision
of my life.
Saying yes to the future
meant saying good-bye
to my dad... forever.
Why don't we wait a bit.
Absolutely.
You're right. Yeah.
[ Whispers ]
How about now?
[ Chuckles Softly ]
Or now.
Now?
Yeah. Okay.
Really?
Dad always wished
there would be more of us.
So--
Anyway, we might--
We might try,
and nothing happens.
Exactly.
[ Grunts ]
It really could be tonight.
Mmm.
And you cannot believe
the detail in which I know
the route to the hospital.
Oh, yea.
Will you excuse me
for a sec?
Just have to go
downstairs.
Mmm.
[ Heartbeat Thumping ]
[ Whooshes ]
[ Dad ]
17-20 in this
incredibly tight contest...
being played by the two most
physically perfect players
in the history of the game.
The crowd,
enchanted by the younger player,
are seduced by memories...
of the older player's
illustrious past.
[ Grunts ]
Oh, my God!
I won!
I haven't won in years.
You finally got good.
[ Sniffles ]
What's my prize,
apart from the Olympic
gold medal, of course?
A kiss will have to do.
A kiss? A kiss?
Oh.
Ah. I get you.
This is it then?
This is it.
It's my last bit
of extra time.
The baby is completely
on the way.
Oh.
[ Chuckles Softly ]
[ Kisses ]
[ Tim ]
Congratulations.
My son.
My dad.
Is-- [ Sniffles ]
Is there anything at all
I can do?
Is there anything
you want to do?
[ Mutters ]
There is this...
one thing.
Quick little walk.
Totally against the rules,
of course, but if we don't
change a thing,
if we're very careful,
it shouldn't do any harm.
It would be nice.
[ Heartbeats Thumping ]
[ Shouting, Laughing ]
[ Giggling ]
- [ Tim ]
Get down low.
- Oh!
[ Tim Giggles ]
[ Dad ]
Total defeat!
Yes!
Oh, I'm soaked!
I'm tired.
Thanks, Dad.
[ Tim Narrating ]
So I'm almost up to date
with my story.
As all families do,
we got used to life
after death.
And it was still fine.
And things settled
back into their
traditional rhythms--
Ooh!
season after season,
and are much
as they have always been.
And we've got used
to Kit Kat being happy again.
And then we got used
to her being a mum,
albeit not a very good
or even safe one.
[ Chattering ]
And in the end,
I think I've learned
the final lesson...
from my travels in time.
And I've even gone one step
further than my father did.
♪♪ [ Cell Phone Chiming ]
[ Grunts ]
♪♪ [ Chiming Continues ]
Oh.
♪♪ [ Stops ]
[ Grunts ]
- Okay, I'll do the kids.
- [ Groans ]
No, don't worry.
I'll do them.
Yeah, you do them,
you lazy bum.
[ Laughs ]
[ Tim Narrating ]
The truth is I now
don't travel back at all,
not even for the day.
I just try to live every day
as if I've deliberately
come back to this one day--
to enjoy it as if it was
the full, final day...
of my extraordinary
ordinary life.
[ Man ]
♪ I don't get ♪
- [ Sighs ]
- ♪ Many things right
the first time ♪
♪ In fact,
I am told that a lot ♪
♪ Now I know
all the wrong turns ♪
- ♪ The stumbles and falls ♪
- [ Imitates Train ]
♪ Brought me here ♪
Kiddo. Good kiddo.
Hello. You're down already.
That's great. Thank you
so much for that.
And in we go. Come on.
- ♪ And where was I
before the day ♪
- Posy? Posy?
♪ That I first saw
your lovely face? ♪
- ♪ Now I see it every day ♪
- I'm fine.
Yeah!
♪ And I know ♪
♪ That I am ♪
♪ I am ♪
When will I see you again?
This evening.
♪ I am ♪
♪ The luckiest ♪♪
[ Tim Narrating ]
We're all traveling
through time together,
every day of our lives.
All we can do is do our best...
to relish this remarkable ride.
[ Squealing ]
[ Laughs ]
Oh!
Look at that!
Who did that?
Oh.
[ Laughing ]
Yes, yes, yes. Well,
I know it's over soon.
Mm-hmm.
[ Sighs ]
No.
Okay. I'll see you then.
Bye-bye.
See you later.
♪♪ [ Folk-Pop ]
[ Man ]
♪ How long will I love you? ♪
♪ As long as stars
are above you ♪
♪ Longer if I can ♪
♪ How long will I need you? ♪
♪ As long as
the seasons need to ♪
♪ Follow their plan ♪
♪ How long will I give
to you? ♪
♪ As long as I live,
to you ♪
♪ However long you say ♪
♪ How long will I love you? ♪
♪ As long as stars
are above you ♪
♪ Longer if I may ♪♪
♪♪ [ Continues, Instrumental ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
♪♪ [ Ballad ]
[ Man ]
♪ The buttons on your collar ♪
♪ The color of your hair ♪
♪ I think I see you everywhere ♪
♪ I want to live forever ♪
♪ And watch you dancing
in the air ♪
♪ All the lies
and make-believe ♪
♪ The very things
that one day leave ♪
♪ But I can see you
standing in midair ♪
♪ The girl I want to marry ♪
♪ Upon the high trapeze ♪
♪ The day she fell
and hurt her knees ♪
♪ And only time can make you ♪
♪ The wind that blows away
the leaves ♪
♪ For everything
that life was worth ♪
♪ The fallen snow,
the Virgin birth ♪
♪ Yeah, I can see you
standing in midair ♪
♪ I can see you
standing in midair ♪♪
♪♪ [ Ends ]